Standard document pack:
1. Contract 
2. Addendum to the contract
3. Commercial Invoice
4. Packing List
5. Certificate of Analysis (COA)
6. Master Bill of lading
6a. House Bill of lading (if relevant)
7. Transport Invoice (before the border)
8. Certificate of Origin (CO)
9. Payment confirmation (mt_103 or smth like that)
 

1. Shipper name must match in all the documents: contarct, addendum, invoice, packing, manufacturer in the Certificate of Analysis (COA) and the Bill of lading HBL or MBL 
If names do not match - show Warning
1a. Buyer name must match in all the documents: contract, addendum, invoice, packing, and the Bill of lading HBL or MBL 
If names do not match - show Warning.

2. Contract No. in the Addendum and Invoice must match contract No. in the contract. 
If no match - show Warning.

3. there can be several positions in the Addendum.
Product names must be the same in all the documents.
If product names do not match - show Warning. 

4. Date of Addendum later than date of Contract
If False - show Error.

5. Incoterms match in every document (FOB, FOR, FCA, EXW, DAP, CPT, CIF, CFR, CPT, DDP)

6. Invoice No. matches in Invoice and Packing list
If False - show Error

7. Total cost of the goods = unit price * quantity.
If false - show Error.

8. Packing List: 
1) must contain package type (bags/barrels etc.), quantity.
2) Gross weight = Net weight + Package.
3) Package weight = Gross weight - Net Weight.
4) If pallets, then must be Gross weight with pallets.
5) Must contain Empty bag/barrel weight
6) Must contain packages/items quantity
7) Gross Weight = NW+(EBW*BQ+PW*PQ)
Where: NW - net weight; EBW - empty bag/barrel(package) weight; BQ - Bags(item) Quantity; PW - Pallet weight; PQ - Pallet Quantity.
8) Contains Container Number. If False - Warning.

9. If Addendum Payment terms shows "Prepayment", then must be payment Confirmation file (mt_103) in the document pack. 

10. COA: 
1) Must show Batch Number. If False - show Error.
2) Must show manufacture date. If False - show Error.
3) Must show Expiry date. If False - show Error.
4) Manufacture Date<BL date
5) Expiry Date > Manufacture Date. If False - show Error.

11. Bill of Lading:
1) Gross Weight in BL = Gross Weight in Packing List. 
2) Number of packages in BL = Number of packages in Packing List
3) Container number in BL = Container number in Packing List.
4) Cargo description must not contain "HS code".

